[Magic Transit] Updates to align with PCX content strategy (#2036)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/magic-transit/src/content/about/tunnels-and-encapsulation.md

Magic Transit encapsulates IP packets destined for your network and transmits them across the GRE tunnels to your tunnel endpoint router, which decapsulates the packets and sends them to your internal network.

In the diagram below, Magic Transit encapsulates packets at the Cloudflare edge and transmits them to a customer’s — Acme for example — tunnel endpoint router.

![Encapsulation diagram](../static/magic-transit-anycast-1.png)

<Aside type='note' header='Note'>

To accommodate additional header data introduced by encapsulation, the maximum segment size (MSS) must be adjusted so that packets comply with the standard Internet routable maximum transmission unit (MTU), which is 1500 bytes.

Because egress packets are routed via your ISP interface, not Cloudflare, you must set this value at your physical egress interfaces (not the GRE tunnel interfaces).

> For instructions, see [Set Maximum Segment Size](/get-started/requirements/#set-maximum-segment-size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions, refer to [Set Maximum Segment Size](/get-started/requirements/#set-maximum-segment-size).
```
